Hi everyone. This is Michael taking over for
one as we move into inference and validation with TensorFlow.
Now you've trained at TensorFlow network,
and you can use it for predictions.
This is typically known as inference,
a term that's actually borrowed from statistics.
However, neural networks have a tendency to perform too well on the training data,
and aren't able to generalize to data it hasn't seen before.
This is known as overfitting,
and it impairs our performance on inference on new datasets.
To test for overfitting while training,
we measure the performance on data not in the training set called the validation set.
We avoid overfitting the regularization techniques such as
dropout or early stopping while monitoring the validation performance during training.
So here once again,
I've imported our different resources, numpy and matplotlib,
pyplot, TensorFlow, and TensorFlow datasets,
which we'll use with the fashion MS dataset once again.
I'll load the Fashion-MNIST dataset here with TensorFlow datasets,
except this time we're going to split the data ourselves.
So down below, you can see that I put train split 60 and test validation split 20,
and that's just saying that we have a training split of 60 percent,
a validation split of 20 percent,
and a test split of 20 percent.
To get started, we'll actually merge
our original dataset that was 60,000 examples in the training split,
and 10,000 in a test split together,
for a total example set of 70,000 Fashion-MNIST images.
Here you can see that we took TensorFlow datasets.Split.All.subsplit,
showing that we have a 60, 20,
20 split, and now when we load our data set with TensorFlow datasets,
we'll use those splits here so that we break them up into those 60, 20, 20.
Now, if you look at dataset itself,
you would actually find that it's made of these three sets,
the training set, the validation set,
and the test set after we've loaded the data.
To validate below, we can check that our dataset is a class of tuple.
Again, our training set, validation set,
and test set, and those three elements.
Again, we can see that there's our Fashion-MNIST shape of 28 by 28 by 1,
we'll see the same dataset info down
below as it's the same dataset of Fashion-MNIST we used before.
The difference as we get into exploring the dataset,
is that we can now see there are 42,000 images in the training set,
14,000 in the validation set,
and 14,000 in the test set.
Once again, as we create our pipeline,
we'll make sure to normalize our images so that they come out between
zero and one for pixel values instead of 0-255.
We'll set our batch size,
and here we'll shuffle our training data,
and then also create batches of the validation sets and testing sets.
As we build the model,
it's again a fairly simple neural network.
We flatten our input from Fashion-MNIST of 28 by 28 by 1,
and then we have four fully connected layers,
three of which use relu,
and then the last of which uses a softmax classifier for our different classes.
Again, we compile our model here.